Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I expect the code to greet me and then prompt me to answer "What is my favorite color?"
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
I entered a response and hit enter. The code then provided me with a link of sorts. Not sure if this was supposed to happen?
What do you think the program did with what you typed?

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
This code will print the response that the user enters.
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
This will make the program recognize the input as a variable named "color".
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
It did.


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It will determine if the user inputs the correct color or not. If the color input is red then a "Correct" message will appear, otherwise it will print "Incorrect".
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
An If statement that determines which action to output depending on the user input.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
They are inside of an If statemnet and it's important to organize code for readability. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
You get an "incorrect" message because it doesn't match the determined variable.
What does this tell you about "color"?
Color is a variable and the computer only recognizes the input as correct if it matches exactly.


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
This code will also accept an uncapitalized input of red.
What problem is this trying to solve? 
Users will still be able to choose the correct answer of red regardless of the capitalization. Red or red will always be a correct input now. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It doesn't recognize those inputs because they don't match the predetermined inputs.


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
Narrow the input options down to only lowercase red.
What problem is it trying to solve? 
It now accepts any input of "red", regardless of capitalization.
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
Those will not be accepted.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It will allow spaces in the input and still consider the input "red" correct?
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
Allowing spaces in the input?
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Placing a space in the middle of the input instead of only at the beginning.


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
This code plays a game of hot and cold. Pink is close to red, but not quite and the computer will inform users of this.
What is the purpose of line 11? 
It allows a space in the input.
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
It creates a while loop, this loop will continue until the correct input is given.
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
They are inside of an if statement, inside of a while loop. 
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The code won't run correctly because the while loop is obstructed.
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
"If the input is not red then run this loop". The loop will count how many tries it takes to guess the correct color.
What is the purpose of “count”? 
Count records how many tries it takes the user to guess the correct color. Count starts at zero and 1 is added after each incorrect input.
What is happening on line 22? 
The program prints how many incorrect guesses were made. 
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? Yes